Added a third key factor which is base idea of the project. (#4)
cornelius/open-source-stepping-stones: README.md

## Introduction

Open Source is built on openness and freedom. It providies space for intrinsically motivated work. Through free distributon of its results it fosters visibility. This reduces barriers. It encourages peers to come together and realize their goals through open means.

That is all carried by open source communities. They unlock new levels of collaboration and adoption which result in a new quality of success. Not every open source project intends to build a community but those who do and succeed have an invaluable asset at hand to foster their success.

How can you reach that success? There are three key factors: **Form an idea**, **Produce good code** and **Be accessible to users and contributors**. This is what makes a good upstream open source project, a project which creates value to its users, a project which attracts people to work on creating this value together.

> At first, there is the need for an idea to build the project around. Without a start that attracts other people to your project, there will never be an successful open source project. Successful ideas can be as diverse as menkind is. They do not need to be innovative or new, yet they can. The only measure here is if there is any other big or small group of people interested in it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At first, there is the need for an idea to build the project around. Without a start that attracts other people to your project, there will never be an successful open source project. Successful ideas can be as diverse as mankind is. They do not need to be innovative or new, yet they can. They can be ambitious or not. They might be a crazy idea you have no idea if it work out, or it might be an already refined concept. The only measure here is if there is any other big or small group of people interested in it.
```
